We have our Mapu rendering out the correct region.
Next up on the chopping block is how are we going to get the restaurant markers in the right spot?
Well, we already have the information right here in our Mock's.
If we go look at Antwerp, at the specific restaurants, every restaurant has the same geometry object
with a location and a viewport.
And so with that information, we can calculate where the markers are supposed to be.
So knowing that it's fairly simple for us to build out the map screen functionality for the map, you
the marker.
So what we're going to do is we're going to do map you marker and we're going to say close the marker
map.
You thought marker.
And what we're going to render inside of here later on is the view, the detail of you, but for now
we need to say the key of this, Mapu is going to be restaurant name and the title is going to be restaurant.
That name.
And then next to that, what we're going to do is we're going to say the coordinates of this Matthew
marker is going to be equal to the following.
Longitude and latitude is going to be equal to restaurant dot geometry, dot location, dawlat and langue.
And by doing this, what we can do is let's close this for a second so we get rid of the error by by
doing this.
What we're able to do is we're able to determine where the latitude and longitude of this pin is going
to be on the map by taking the geometry location object for a specific restaurant.
OK, so with that, we should have our markers, right?
Well, let's go look over on the map.
Wow.
We have all of our markers and they are automatically rendering out a nice marker for us to know, hey,
this is the restaurant and if the markers are close together, we just zoom in and then we know which
one is which and we can kind of pan out and we can go city beer, Tommys joint.
It's that easy, we just put markers on the screen and it looks so professional, so professional,
if we go over here to Antwerp now, we're going to see that when we change views, boom, the markers
are going to come in and we're going to know exactly where the restaurants are that we just searched
for in this vicinity.
That's absolutely amazing.
OK, so now.
What we need to do is we need to.
Update this call-out, this call out for the map for you is a bit.
Well, simple, and so we want it to look nice, we want it to look something like what our cards look
like, we want to see the image and the name, and we want to have a nice font.
So let's go ahead and look at how we're going to do that.